--Chapter 3

   Deprived of any useful resources, when taking the lead, Green struggled the first week. With whatever
few resources he had left, after the reckless reign of Red, he put together a party of some of the weaker
members of the still newborn "Raging Dragons", which regretably did not end quite well for two of them
as they lost their lives for the "cause".
   Things didn`t look any better the next week, since Green was busy running things behind the scenes and
frankly did not feel the need to go on a cheap expedition that did not deserve his experties, also a few core
members were occupied, one was missing and Green had to cut his losses and send another losing party 
in the dungeons. This time it was clear from the beggining that the teamwork was absent to say the least.
The monsters dealt some fearsome blows right from the start, resulting in the loss of another hero and the
calling off of the whole expedition.
   However dark times seemed, the core members spoken of earlier had all returned and they were ready
for any adventure, as opposed to Green who was still feeling like the present quests did not utilize his
potential, so he excused himself with the crap tons of paperwork he had to do being the leader and all... So
he sent off Red and three others to clear the stain off the "Raging Dragons" name. The expedition went
unbelievably well, inspite of the heroes going abit insane and getting a few diseases. Red had a run in with
the crimson red disease(talk about irony...) which was quickly cured by Boterel the plague doctor. However
the most important part of the journey was that it yielded the "Raging Dragons" with the chance to build
their own building in the town, they were one step closer to dominating this city, one step closer to their 
awesome dream!
 An important thing to note, before wrapping up the chapter is that Green, as sneaky and secretive a guyhe is, had taken to his heart to complete a wish of Red`s while he was making him do all the dirty work. So Greenpulled a few strings and made what seemed impossible happen right under the nosesof all the townspeople, he arranged for the so called "Abomination" whose real name is HoganAKA the Werewolf to beome a member of the guild without rising suspicion or making it public in any way.   And so three weeks had passed and, as aggreed upon, the leadership was back in the hands of Red. (Of
course Green didn`t forget to make it difficult for Red by ravaging all the resources right before handing
back the lead!)