-- Chapter 2

    

    As Red claimed his leadership of the locale, he wasted no time at the task at hand. His name symbolised
not only
 his powerful aggressive nature, but also an unshakable will and perseverance. Within 3 weeks, 
he had defeated
 not only a devastating creature guarding the entrance to the Courtyard, but also 
a powerful Necromancer! It is true,
 the necromancer was an apprentice, but beware - only death shall
await any few who dare underestimate such creature!

   Red's aggressive nature had drawn new faces to the town, who share similar taste in his ways. There 
was a man, or
 rather... man-beast? An Abomination to the nature and its laws! He was half-human, 
half-monster... all locked in
 chains for his own safety. Many of the local people despise him of his wicked 
nature, afraid, and want him out of this town. Red wanted to hang all these heretics for opposing his 
regime and telling him what to do, but Green
 was nearby and explained to him the situation in broader 
terms. Infuriated, Red yelld and raged at Green, for making
 it sound as if Red had no choice on the matter
and he had to simply comply with the people. Red stated that the next
 time a similar mercenary approaches
his and Green's locale, and if he is the active leader, that he will stop at 
literally nothing in recruiting that 
mercenary. Green knew that Red was being serious by the gaze and aura radiating from his eyes. 
Body-wise he looked like an angry boy wanting chocolate... but Green knew. 
How? Well, they were 
together for enough time, he had his experiences. Luckily for Red, that was not the only similar
 mercenary
which came to town in the following 3 weeks. The abomination we talked about was present in the 5th day
of his regime and was expelled on the 7th, while this "Tutan" came around 2nd week's time. He was also 
known as 
	"Legendary Tut", "Tut the Savage", "Legendary Tutan", "The Beast". He wasn't a beast. 
No, he simply had no humanity. 
	His techniques and ways are carved with only blood. 
I will spare you the
drama of the town reacting to Red personally going on an expedition with him and other 2 in the 
courtyard,
but the town soon bent the knee when they understood the achievements the expditionists had made. Red
and
 Tut were frequently seen together. 
   Oh? The Mosquitos? They are gone. After cleansing The Courtyard's entrance of those 
nests, there were
no mosquitos to be found anywhere in town. All went well on that expedition, even though Red was at 
Death's Door and Tut was infected by the Crimson Curse, but hey - law of attraction.
 They are that kind of
guys. As agreed upon the two, Green was given leadership for the next 3 weeks.
 Not to his surprise - the 
gold was depleted and the resources exhausted. 
Red's ways may have been very on point - clearing the 
mosquito crysis and a great deal more, but his ways of spending 
the gold or the resources were rather 
reckless as was his own nature.