-- Chapter 6

   After everything was going as smoothly as ever, it was only natural for a storm to come crashing down on us...
   And it did. Red The 1st, to no surprise to anyone, has set his sights yet on another fearsome adversary that
   we must deal with sooner or later. He gave instructions to a party of 4 and sent them to face "The Sonorous
   Prophet". As to be expected, the expedition was successful, but the storm had just started, for Bohon, a
   member of that expedition met his unforgiving doom. Then Red, being the madman he is, decided to take on
   The Baron, for the illnes and infection of The Courtyard had spread everywhere, and bloodsuckers could be
   spotted on places outside their realm - The Courtyard. He formed the most powerful group ever to set foot 
   in the lurking shadows together: Legendary Tuttan, Red the 1st, Green the 1st and Tourlaville.
   And so, they embarked. Nobody doubted for a moment that they would perish, for they had Red the active
   leader and best tactician amongst them - Just by writing a tiny notebook filled with instructions to the
   party sent to defeat the Sonorous Prophet, the party managed to prevail, one would wonder what the same
   person who wrote those same instructions be able to achieve when in an actual expedition, being able to
   dictate orders on the spot depending on the current situation. As hours and days passed, the members
   sent on the expedition understood that this exact expedition was completely different than any of the previous
   ones. Green using his wisdom, said that it will be impossible to complete this on 1 go. Even with the best of us
   we would need 4 weeks, if not more to slay our way to The Baron. But Red, all covered in blood, with his still
   ignited eyes refused this advice and wanted to push even deeper, for he knew that nothing is impossible!
   All of the 4 were covered through thick skin and blood at that time, they all shared a worrying look, even Tut,
   but there was no vote on the matter. They followed in Red's shoes. Worse of all - there was a heavy weather
   with thunder and rain... Talk about a storm coming... Then it happened: Tourlaville and Green the 1st perished.
   Never before had Red been seen to weep, nor that hard for the matter. He stood there, hugging the dead corpse of 
   his comrade. Tut had an empty expression and did not know how to react, so he simply stood behind Red, covering
   him from anyone until he took his time. It was not entirely a defeat, but a signal of hope, for Red had went so
   deep, that experts say that normal humans could never have made such astonishing progress. Red and his group had
   covered 3 weeks worth of exploration in only 1! They had slain even a strong abomination whom covered a powerful
   trinket for those nicknamed "Lepers". Red the 1st was mentally unstable after the loss of Green, his once 
   cunning face melt down to one of depression and fear. His decision-making became blurry and would soon show itself
   to the masses. He had made such miracles - slaying the Apprentice Necromancer, the Courtyard Crocodile, the
   Sonorous Prophet, yet he wrote instructions to a group of 4 to set foot on the easiest ever expedition and 
   they FAILED it and even lost TWO in the process: a fraud who claims himself to be "Green the 2nd" and the renowned
   Leper - The Rock. Luckily his legendary trinkets were recovered by the survivors. After learning the news, Red who
   had sheltered himself in an abandoned house was stripped of his leadership position. Everyone knew he was not 
   stable and that hey had no choice but to appoint someone else for the coming weeks. But there was no proper 
   candidate, until a long lost relative heard of the news that befalled his deceased kin. Yes, he was the true
   Green the 2nd. He quickly earned the people's trust and was annointed leader for the coming weeks.
   Needless to say, many had lost hope in this town, some even had packed up, ready to leave any moment now,
   but reader, they would soon understand that Green the 2nd is one of the main pages to Raging Dragon's success
   in defeating the Darkest Dungeon and all their horrors. He was the turning point for many things, and they
   shall soon see that.
   
   