--Chapter 4

   Red was given leadership in a seemingly harsh time, where members were insane left and right and no money
   could be given for their needs, for there was none. Blood vials had also depleted and it was time for someone
   to step in the place nobody wants to thread - The Courtyard. Red ordered  a rush on an easy expedition to get 
   some easy resources flowing in town. He even ordered the expeditionists halfway through the dungeon to go 
   without any tourches, so that the enemy would be less likely to spot them, allowing for thorough search for 
   treasures and viables. Of course, the enemy was not stupid, and they are most dangerous when faced in the dark. 
   Expedition was a success, but it was not easy at all. There were heart problems, staring at faces of death and 
   maddness. Even Jisel the Brave ironically became hopeless when madness reached into his mind.
   He even was inflicted by the Crimson Curse, whilist not being in The Courtyard! Tutan gave a warm welcome to
   Jisel joining his club in the heat of battle. Tut made sure tha party would prevail without a grain of doubt.
   Red knew that, hence why he put him there in the first place. The others were reluctant at first, but Red was
   the active leader, and with a forced nod from Green, they agreed to share ranks with Tutan the Legendary.
   The Expedition was successful. A week had passed, which was enough for Red's successful recovery in the Sanitarium.
   Red's blood was boiling for a fight after Green had put him in that treatment camp, but he had other plans.
   After last's expedition, Tut was pushed to the brink, which naturally kicked in his Crimson Curse. The town had 
   no supply of it and so, fearing for his friend's life, Red organized a first of its kind expedition, one that 
   required the very best of the town to lend their aid in it to remotely have a chance of succeeding. And thus the 
   powerful Paradox, Green The 1st, Legendary Tutan and Tourlaville took it upon themselves to save Tut's life while 
   also gaining a solid amount of Blood vials. The expedition went flawlessly. Tut's cravings for the blood were sated
   in time. Even though he was fed, everyone had a feeling that he'd be dead the next hour were it not for that vial.
   The town cheered the expeditionists, and their names - even more famous than before. Tut even dragged a defiled
   corpse of an unremarkable beast that loomed of its kind in The Courtyard across the town's main entrance as a 
   trophy. Its livers spouting behind it a red carpet of blood, which Tut even mocked by licking it.
   Some of the locals were scared of that gesture, but the masses got the message and were thrilled and happy to see
   such fearsome and promising expeditionists. Red was seen rushing to Tut, having a bit of "fun" with the corpse,
   which made the two share a laugh. Green slapped his face at the commotion the two made. Although many understood
   this was a trophy, others did not, and their suspicions and fear - instead negated, grew even bigger. They saw 
   beasts in their own image, whom the whole city seemed to glorify. Have they all gone mad? Where is the humanity, 
   where is the human cause? Have they all turned to maddness? "Have they forgotten what they are? They are fighting
   the thing they are actually becoming!" Well, Green The 1st will soon take care all of that, after being given 
   leadership in the following week after another successful expedition to The Courtyard, this time personally led 
   by Red, to solidify the quantity of stashed blood vials, whom Jisel and Tutan need.
   